I'll change the, because the script is still wrong, but basically in terms of services,
we'll be using none of banana probe and you should already have credentials, API credentials
for none of banana probe access, so you can access it. Then we will use cling to point six,
and you need to check it cling actual cling site, allows for API access.
So I can give you API access, then 11 loves for voice, and I need to decide which voice we're going to use,
and again, you already have access to 11 loves to API, so I'll just need to give you the voice ID,
when I decide on the voice, and then source to videos.
And I'll just see which service we'll use to source to either for AI or any other API service,
but again, it's going to be an API, and then potentially page in with the avatar,
but probably not, probably for AI, you just see arts, it's going to be a source to cook video,
then cling for avatar, lip syncing, and talking, and animating an image,
and then we'll just do like none of the other image scene, and then animates it with cling,
and generate voice for that scene with 11 loves.
Now, the only thing is a post-production, like editing, and putting it all together,
not in captions, not in sound effects, how can we do that?
So I can give you API access to do all of that.
Now, this is a task here, but you need to save to memory.
This is one of the tasks, and you will save it into our dashboard, do we just build?
You need to brainstorm on how to do all of this, how what AI access,
as an API access, I can give you.
Use Cloud Office to write August 4.5 to write any scripts,
but I'll give you the script for now, like the screen writing,
and then we'll decide on how to do the scripts in the future.
But anyway, you need to do all of that brainstorm and come up with the plan,
and then come back here.
It needs to be something where I can give you API access for all of these things,
and then you, I don't need to give you API access all the time.
You just have that key save somewhere, either in a working file,
in that ENV environment files, I don't know.
Maybe we can create a file on this.
So this is how you just see and you create that ENV file there,
and it saved that as an environmental variable.
But brainstorm on the whole setup.
